New doc "Migrate to Runtime" + more Runtime docs (#874)
astronomer/docs: software/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md

---

> title: "Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy"
> sidebar_label: "Astro Runtime maintenance policy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Astro Runtime maintenance policy"
sidebar_label: "Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy"
```

id: runtime-version-lifecycle-policy
description: Learn how Astronomer releases and maintains Astro Runtime, the core component that powers a differentiated Apache Airflow experience on Astro.
---

> Astro Runtime is a production ready, data orchestration tool based on Apache Airflow that is distributed as a Docker image and is required by all Astronomer products. It is intended to provide organizations with improved functionality, reliability, efficiency, and performance. Deploying Astro Runtime is a requirement if your organization is using Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime is a production ready, data orchestration tool based on Apache Airflow that is distributed as a Docker image and is required by all Astronomer products. It is intended to provide organizations with improved functionality, reliability, efficiency, and performance. Deploying Astro Runtime is a recommended alternative to Astronomer Certified.
```

Link to AC?

Policies define the period that specific Astro Runtime versions are supported and the frequency updates are provided.

## Release channels

To meet the unique needs of different operating environments, Astro Runtime versions are associated with the following release channels:

- **Stable:** Includes the latest Astronomer and Apache Airflow features, available on release
- **Long-term Support (LTS):** Includes additional testing, stability, and maintenance for a core set of features

> Each Astro Runtime version defined as a `major.minor` pair, such as Runtime version `5.1`,  is associated with an Astro Runtime stable release channel. The LTS release channel is a subset of the stable release channel and includes additional stability, reliability, and support. For more information on how Astro Runtime is versioned, see [Runtime versioning](runtime-image-architecture.md#runtime-versioning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Astro Runtime version defined as a `major.minor` pair, such as Runtime version 5.1,  is associated with an Astro Runtime stable release channel. The LTS release channel is a subset of the stable release channel and includes additional stability, reliability, and support. For more information on how Astro Runtime is versioned, see [Runtime versioning](runtime-image-architecture.md#runtime-versioning).
```
